More information about securely setting up a sensitive configuration via the CLI (#147)
AdobeDocs/commerce-operations.en: help/configuration/cli/set-configuration-values.md

| `-e or --lock-env` | Either locks the value so it cannot be edited in the Admin or changes a setting that is already locked in the Admin. The command writes the value to the `<Commerce base dir>/app/etc/env.php` file.                                                                                                                 |
| `-c or --lock-config` | Either locks the value so it cannot be edited in the Admin or changes a setting that is already locked in the Admin. The command writes the value to the `<Commerce base dir>/app/etc/config.php` file. The `--lock-config` option overwrites `--lock-env` if you specify both options.                              |
| `path` | _Required_. The configuration path                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   |

> | `value` | _Required_. The value of the configuration. Can be passed as a separate argument in a CLI command, but it is recommended to enter it via prompt ( without specifying it in the original command ). In this case you will avoid writing sensitive accesses to bash_history, which is the safest way to set the config |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `value` | _Required_. The value of the configuration. Although it can be passed as a separate argument in a CLI command, Adobe recommends that you don't specify it in the original command. Instead, run the command without the value, and then enter the value when prompted. Using this method prevents writing  writing sensitive access values to bash_history, which is the safest way to set the config.
```
